# Introduction
CSS is a critical part of developing front end in web technology.    
From the beginning we have to put down a ground rule.    
RULE: If it can be done in css, do it in css!
This means that you don't write javascript for something that you can do in css.  

## Adaptive vs Responsive
Today's web client must work on all form factors.  
People access not only web pages but also web application on mobile devices, be it phones or tablets.  
Your user interfaces should be developed with that in mind.

Because mobile devices have less hardware resources than a desktop the aim is to do the absolute minimum for it to work on mobile.
This means that we develop our UI for mobile first and then add to that css for desktop devices.

Adaptive layouts automatically flows UI elements around the screen regardless of size.
Depending on the screen size the UI will automatically reorder itself.

Responsive layout uses media queries to focus on a particular form factor as defined in the query.
If the devices does not match that form factor it will not apply.

In a ideal world you UI should always be adaptive but there are cases when responsive also plays a role.
When you want to change the look completely depending on the resolution you will need to use responsive.

## HTML for layout
Don't use HTML for layout. 
When you rely on HTML for your layout, you often struggle with being adaptive or responsive.
use CSS for your layout NOT HTML. 

## What do we use CSS for
1. Layout
1. Animation
1. Decoration

## Conclusion
CSS is a very important skill to have as a UI developer.  
The content here will not make you a css expert but instead help you develop the fundamentals.  
For the fun of it we will also add some more advanced features to play with.

There are some wonderful resources out there to help you understand css.

1. https://css-tricks.com/almanac/
1. https://tympanus.net/codrops/css_reference/

Bookmark these sites for quick reference.
  