#Binding Engine Training

This training focuses on the crs-binding engine and learning through example how to use it.  
A good place to start is to read the [binding engine documentation](https://github.com/caperaven/crs-binding-documentation).

For the binding engine training we will use the [crs application template](https://github.com/caperaven/crs-application-template).  
This template has all the relevant boiler plate installed ready for you to go.  
This template also uses [crs router](https://github.com/caperaven/crs-router).  
If you want to know more detail on how to define routes and parameters for routes you can see the router's own documentation.

## Getting started
The first thing you need to do is create a new project on github using the application template.  
Once you have created the new project and cloned it to disk you must run the `npm install` command in the project folder to ensure all the dependencies are installed.

Each project needs to have it's own view.
You can copy and past the welcome folder and rename the files and content to the appropriate name.

For example if we create a test view, rename:
1. the new folder to "test".
1. the .js and .html files to "test" with te appropriate extension.
1. the class name exported by default in the js file.

Next update the routes.json file in the root of the app folder.  
Copy and past the welcome route in the json file and rename the properties to match the test example.  
Note that you should keep the hash and the view the same as the new view's name but the title you can make more descriptive.

Once you have added a new route in the routes.json file, that new route will show up in the side menu.

## Conclusion
All the documentation you need is in the [binding engine documentation](https://github.com/caperaven/crs-binding-documentation).  
Additionally the template uses the binding engine and is thus also a good example to look at.  
Create new views for each project you do.
Make sure you update your github repo with the changes to your project for review.

