# Simple binding

## Introduction
The purpose of this project is to get some practice on the absolute basics.

1. Setting up the data using the preLoad function.
2. Handling events, in this case a button click event.
3. Simple one and two way binding.
4. Class and style conditional binding. 

## Getting started

The first thing you need to do is create a new form and set up the data.  
preLoad is a system function you can use in views and elements.  
See the documentation for more details.

We need to set initialize a model that we will bind against.

```js
{
    firstName: "John",
    lastName: "Doe",
    age: 20
}
```

You do this in the preLoad function using `this.setProperty("data", value)`;

Now we have a data property called "data" we can bind against.

We also need a model that contains the label information.  
We do this for a example if you want to have a translatable label where you fetch the label value depending on the language you may use.
In this example we are just going to hard code it.

```js
{
    firstName: "First Name",
    lastName: "First Name",
    age: "Age"
}
```

again you will use `this.setProperty` but the data property we want to set is `label`.
Thus `this.setProperty("label", value)`

## UI

Add labels and input for 
1. firstName
1. lastName
1. age

The labels bind to the label property and the inputs to the data property.
The labels should use a `once` binding and the inputs a `two-way` binding.

You should also add a div at the bottom that will show all the information in a string.

`John Doe is 20 years old`.  
This string should be constructed in such a way that if I change values in the inputs, the string will update accordingly.  
So if I change the first name to "Bobby" in the firstName input, the text should display  
`Bobby Doe is 20 years old`.

Add a button and bind it to a function on the context called "reset".  
The reset button changes the values back to it's original values.

Add a classlist binding to the age input.  
If the age is greater than 30 it should add a class called "too-old" to the input.
When you change it to a value under 30 that class is removed again.

Add a style binding to the first name label.  
If the first name changes to be "Bobby" you need to set the color of that label to blue.

Read the binding expression documentation for details on how to do this.  
