# Simple Array

This project will look at a simple example for working with arrays.
There are two parts to this.

1. Working with the array directly
1. Rendering the array in the UI.

## Details

### Data Structure
You need to create an array for the current binding context.

There are three fields we are binding against.

1. isSelected
1. title
1. isDone

The data structure will be represented with a object literal

```js
{ 
    title: "Item 1", 
    isDone: false 
}
```

You will note that the isSelected is not there.
The binding engine will set that for us at runtime as the user clicks the the selection checkbox.  
Technically speaking the same would count for the isDone but in this case we are emulating a data field that is comming from our data source.  

You will need an array of these items to bind too.  
For this project do not use a property but instead load the initial data in a function called [preLoad](https://github.com/caperaven/crs-binding-documentation/blob/master/2.%20bindable-element.md).

Normally you would set values using `crsbinding.data.setProperty`.  
In this call the first parameter is the context id or an object that contains the context id.  
The preLoad function has a callback function parameter that will allow you to setProperty without the context.  
It will do that part on your behalf.  

```js
preLoad(setPropertyCallback) {
    setPropertyCallback(propertyName, value);
}
```

Event if you have a template defined and binding set up the array will not render.  
The next step is to override the load function and ask it to draw the collection.

```js
load() {
    crsbinding.data.updateUI(this, "items");
    super.load();
}
```

if you have a older version of the binding engine this may look different

```js
_loaded() {
    crsbinding.data.updateUI(this._dataId, "items");
    super._loaded();
}
```

### HTML
```html
<ul role="listbox">
    <template for="item of items">
        <li classlist.if="item.isDone == true ? 'done'" aria-selected="${item.isSelected}" role="listitem">
            <input type="checkbox" checked.bind="item.isSelected">
            <span>${item.title}</span>
            <input type="checkbox" checked.bind="item.isDone">
        </li>
    </template>
</ul>
```

Create a list using ul and li.  
[For each item in items](https://github.com/caperaven/crs-binding-documentation/blob/master/4.%20repeat-ui.md) create a li that represents that list item.
The list item should contain

1. checkbox bound to the item's isSelected property
1. a element that contains the title property value of item
1. checkbox bound to the item's isDone property.

To make things a bit clearer from a UI perspective you can also add headings before displaying the items.
This can just be static HTML.

The list item has a conditional [class list binding](https://github.com/caperaven/crs-binding-documentation/blob/master/3.%20binding-expressions.md).  
If the item's isDone property is true the list item's classes should include the "done" class.
If the item's isSelected property is true, the aria-selected attribute should be set to true.

You can use the following styles for those states

```css
.done {
    opacity: 0.5;
}

[aria-selected="true"] {
    border: #266fed solid 1px;
    background: #266fed20;
}
```

## Data manipulation

Add a toolbar with three buttons.
1. add new item
1. remove selected items
1. edit first item

These buttons must bind to functions in the view model.

1. addItem  - prompt for a title and then add a new item with that title and isDone defaulting to false.
1. removeItems - get all the items from the array where isSelected is true and remove them.
1. editFirst - set the title of the first item in the array to "Hello World";

You can read more about working with arrays [here](https://github.com/caperaven/crs-binding-documentation/blob/master/8.arrays.md).