# Custom elements
This is a very important topic and an important technology for the future.  
As you should know, HTML elements have meaning and instead of using div on div on div, you need to use the right semantic HTML element.  
HTML elements are reusable. You can have more than one div on the screen.  
Behind some elements is some logic, think about a select element that drops down a list when you interact with it.

This idea of having elements with some logic brings us to [custom elements](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Web_Components/Using_custom_elements).  
Custom elements are reusable.  
You may be tempted to think that it's UI but custom elements can be visual and non-visual. 

Visual elements are obvious, interact with this UI...  
Non-visual elements can't be seen but still play a role on the form.  
An example of a non-visual control would be a control that feches data and once it has the data then sends it on to another control that it is aware of.

```html
<data-control data-url="http://somewhere" element="#target"></data-control>
```
## Project details
Recreate the [list](https://cdn.dribbble.com/users/1591610/screenshots/4426221/to-do_shot.jpg) project but this time use custom elements for:  
1. List custom element to render the list
1. Data custom element that fetches the data and sends it to the list.

Think about how you will transfer the data between the elements.  
In the example above the non visual control has a element attribute containing a query string to use to find it's targets.  
Note that this might actually target seleral elements if you use [querySelectorAll](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Document/querySelectorAll).

## Separation of concern
There is an important [pattern](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Separation_of_concerns) here that you must get to grips with quickly.  
It is called separation of concern.  
By splitting the logic for fetching the data and rendering the data, it makes the controls more flexible because you can now swap out any one of the elements when you have slightly different requirements. A modular design is very important and separation of concern is critical to help you keep it modular.  
There are some other advantages to this pattern.

1. Easy to swap out
1. Logic is focused and maintainable
1. Easy to write tests for as it is focused on one thing

This is not just a pattern for oop but also for functional programming.

If you had to sum this pattern up it would be this, "know what this piece of code must do, do that and only that."
