# Important patterns
Now that you have learned about separation of concern, it is time to learn about some other imporant patterns.

1. Convention over code
1. Factory 
1. Provider

As always we want to make this practical so there will be a small project that combines these three but lets start with the basics first.

## Convention over code
One of your greatest enemies that must be avoided at all costs is long if or case statements.  
They are a pain to maintain, test and it bloats your code.  
Less code is always important and we can achieve this by using conventions instead of code.  
Conventions can affect any part of the application and I have found it to be the number one pattern for me when designing new systems.

Let us look at an example.  
I have a class with a property "action".  
The values in "action" are:

1. walk
1. sit
1. jump

At any time I want to add more actions.
The class also has a function called start.  
When you call the start function it must look at the actions property and call a function in that class that will perform that function.

The common way of doing this would be to write an if or case statement and depending on the value call the appropriate function.  
Instead, we are going to establish a convention to make this less code and far more extendable.

the function name must be the same as the action but with an underscore in front of it as it is a private function. e.g. _walk
That means that the class would look like this:

```js
class Person {
	constructor() {
		this.action = "walk"
	}

	_walk() {...}
	_sit() {...}
	_jump() {...}

	start() {
		const fnName = `_${this.acion}`;
		if (this[fnName] != null) {
			this[fnName]();
		}
	}
}
```
The start logic is now basically set in stone as it never needs to change again.  
If you want to add support for another action, say "run" all you need to do is add a private function called "_run". 

From a code perspective, there might be two things that you need to be aware of:
1. The [template literal](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Template_literals)
1. The [square bracket](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Object_initializer) notation we use on the object to address the function. Please note that everything on this link is important to know and get used to using.

## Factory
This is a pretty simple idea if you consider what factories do in real life.  
If I had to sum it up, a factory is code that generates code.  
This could be classes, HTML, custom functions, there is no limit.  
Depending on the language and technology there are variations on this but they all do the same fundamental thing, I create something.

Combining convention over code with the factory pattern and using [static members](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Classes/static) make for very simple factories that are easy to extend.

Let us say that we want to have a actions factory that will get a class for us that performs a action.  
The way I want to call it is like this:

```js
const actionProvider = ActionsFactory.get(this.action)
```

The factory structure would be:

```js
class ActionsFactory {
	get(action) {
		// use convention over code to call the right static function
	}
	static _walk() {...}
	static _stop() {...}
	static _jump() {...}
}
```

## Provider pattern
[Providers](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Provider_model) are very important in modular code.  
Lets say that I want to get a data structure that defines details about the actions, including the list of possible actions.   
I might have different locations where such data could potentially be stored.

1. In a database where I need database access
1. In a json file on a url

I want to have a store object that will help load and save this action data.  
If I wrote the store for every scenario the class get's bloted with redundent code that will never get used.  
If I load the data from json the database code is never used.  
If I get the data from the datbase, the json code never gets used.  
When loading this feature all that code is downloaded and that is wastful.  

1. It makes your download time longer because it has to download more 
1. It makes your compilation time longer because there is more code to download
1. All that sits up in memory so you are using more ram than you need to.

Instead of hard coding all that into the store class I could have a provider property that gets populated with the right instance you need.
If for example you intend to load your data from the json file, the provider property would be a instance of the json provider.

Your provider api has to be clear and be the same accross the providers.  
Let us say that the primary action of the provider is to get data, that means we need a get public function to call when I want to get the data.
Keep the interface the same accross all providers and you can seamlesly swap them out as you need to.

## Project details
We are going to write a dom parser where you give the parser an element to parse.  
It will parse the element and all it's children [recursivly](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Recursion_(computer_science)). 
We want to look for a marker and replace that marker with an actual value.  

Consider the following html
```html
<div data-name.bind="{{firstName}} {{lastName}}">
	<div>{{firstName}}</div>
	<div>{{lastName}}</div>
	<div>{{age}}</div>
</div>
```

The parser you need to send on two things:

1. The element to parse
1. A context object that contains the data for the above defined properties (firstName, lastName and age).

You need a provider that deals with the ".bind" syntax on an attribute and set's that attribute to the value in the context.
You also need a provider to deal with the inner text of a element and replace the "{{property}}" syntax with the actual value.

After parsing and using the below context the end result should then look like this.
```js 
	const context = {
		firstName: "John",
		lastName: "Smith",
		age: 20
	}
```

```html
<div data-name.bind="John Smith">
    <div>John</div>
    <div>Smith</div>
    <div>20</div>
</div>
```
Make use of a factory to create the appropriate provider and convention over code to simplify the logic as far as possible.
